what is predicate
service discovery

Jyoti
shravanti

180878 
Over 5+ yrs of hands-on experience as Java Spring Boot Microservices Developer, 
Hands on experience in Core Java, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JPA and REST API, MySQL, IntelliJ, Maven, Teamcity, Bitbucket

Communication of Microserveses
	1. we can use restTemplate to call one microservice to anather by providing url and returntype
	2. second way is to use feign client to call in which we create a interface and annotate it with 	@FeignClient("service_name") and in that we can crate method with get post etc method and prowide url
	and just use this service where ever need communication

q. what are the methods of Thread class
q. parallel stream
q. hashtable hashing
q. sort employee on the basis of age using stream api
q. what are the types of propagation in Transactional
q. what is static typing , dynamic typing
q. what will happen if we throw exception from try and finally
q. what are stereotype annotations, give names
q. what is solid principle
q. REST principles
q. thread Local
q. reentrant lock

reentrant lock
threadLocal
poolsize and max poolsize
composit key and how to implement in spring boot
how to connect multiple db 

Asynchronys non blocking api using Reactive programming
in this we use ReactiveCrudRepository for service
Mono- it represent 0 or one object
Flux- it represent 1 to n object

O(1) -constant Time
O(n) - Linear Time
O(n2 (square)) - Quadratic Time (Bubble sort)
O(log n) - Logarithmic Time - in each step we reduce the portion of input suppose divide array in half then check -Binary sort
O(n log n) - Linearithmic Time - merge sort , quick sort


Binary search:
	in this the array should be in sorted
step 1:to find mid we will use formula mid = low + (high - low)/2
step 2: check if value at mid index is matching or not 
step 3: if not matching then check number is less than mid of high than mid.
step 4: if its less than mid then we will change high = mid -1 and repeat process
step 5: if its greater than mid then we will change low = mid+1 and repeat process




